# Free-OReilly-Books updated for 2020 and added some lacking ones

\# Total of 567 files

\# After downloading, rename them all using the `renameoreillys.sh` script

## From theme: Programming
### Improving Code Quality: A Survey of Tools, Trends, and Habits Across Software Organizations
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/improving-code-quality.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/improving-code-quality.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/improving-code-quality.mobi</br>
### Microservices for Java Developers: A Hands-On Introduction to Frameworks and Containers
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-for-java-developers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-for-java-developers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-for-java-developers.mobi</br>
### Kubernetes for Java Developers: Orchestrate Multi-container Applications with Ease 
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/kubernetes-for-java-developers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/kubernetes-for-java-developers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/kubernetes-for-java-developers.mobi</br>
### Docker for Java Developers: Package, Deploy, and Scale with Ease
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/docker-for-java-developers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/docker-for-java-developers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/docker-for-java-developers.mobi</br>
### Migrating Java to the Cloud: Modernize Enterprise Systems Without Starting From Scratch
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-java-to-the-cloud.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-java-to-the-cloud.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-java-to-the-cloud.mobi</br>
### Building Reactive Microservices in Java: Asynchronous and Event-Based Application Design
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/building-reactive-microservices-in-java.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/building-reactive-microservices-in-java.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/building-reactive-microservices-in-java.mobi</br>
### Migrating to Microservice Databases: From Relational Monolith to Distributed Data
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-to-microservice-databases.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-to-microservice-databases.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-to-microservice-databases.mobi</br>
### Modern Java EE Design Patterns: Building Scalable Architecture for Sustainable Enterprise Development
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/modern-java-ee-design-patterns.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/modern-java-ee-design-patterns.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/modern-java-ee-design-patterns.mobi</br>
### Object-Oriented vs. Functional Programming: Bridging the Divide Between Opposing Paradigms
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/object-oriented-vs-functional-programming.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/object-oriented-vs-functional-programming.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/object-oriented-vs-functional-programming.mobi</br>
### Java: The Legend: Past, Present, and Future
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/java-the-legend.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/java-the-legend.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/java-the-legend.mobi</br>
### A Whirlwind Tour of Python
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/a-whirlwind-tour-of-python.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/a-whirlwind-tour-of-python.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/a-whirlwind-tour-of-python.mobi</br>
### 20 Python Libraries You Aren't Using (But Should)
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/20-python-libraries-you-arent-using-but-should.mobi</br>
### Hadoop with Python
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/hadoop-with-python.mobi</br>
### How to Make Mistakes in Python
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/how-to-make-mistakes-in-python.mobi</br>
### Functional Programming in Python
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/functional-programming-python.mobi</br>
### Python in Education: Teach, Learn, Program
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/python-in-education.mobi</br>
### Picking a Python Version: A Manifesto - From __future__ import Python
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/from-future-import-python.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/from-future-import-python.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/from-future-import-python.mobi</br>
### What's New in Swift 3
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/whats-new-in-swift-3.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/whats-new-in-swift-3.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/whats-new-in-swift-3.mobi</br>
### Why Reactive? Foundational Principles for Enterprise Adoption
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-reactive.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-reactive.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-reactive.mobi</br>
### Using Blocks in Ruby: A Brain-Friendly Report
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/using-blocks-in-ruby.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/using-blocks-in-ruby.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/using-blocks-in-ruby.mobi</br>
### Fintech, Open Source, and Emerging Markets: Digital Banking for Everyone
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/fintech-open-source-and-emerging-tech.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/fintech-open-source-and-emerging-tech.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/fintech-open-source-and-emerging-tech.mobi</br>
### Practical C++ Metaprogramming: Modern Techniques for Accelerated Development
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/practical-c-plus-plus-metaprogramming.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/practical-c-plus-plus-metaprogramming.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/practical-c-plus-plus-metaprogramming.mobi</br>
### Real-World Maintainable Software: Ten Coding Guidelines in Practice
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/real-world-maintainable-software.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/real-world-maintainable-software.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/real-world-maintainable-software.mobi</br>
### Trends Shaping the London Tech Scene
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/trends-shaping-the-london-tech-scene.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/trends-shaping-the-london-tech-scene.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/trends-shaping-the-london-tech-scene.mobi</br>
### 2016 European Software Development Salary Survey: Tools, Trends, Titles - What Pays (and What Doesn't) for Programming Professionals in Europe
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-european-software-development-salary-survey.pdf</br>
### 2016 Software Development Salary Survey: Tools, Trends, Titles - What Pays (and What Doesn't) for Programming Professionals
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/2016-software-development-salary-survey-report.pdf</br>
### Why Rust?: Trustworthy, Concurrent Systems Programming
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-rust.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-rust.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/why-rust.mobi</br>
### C++ Today: The Beast is Back
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/c++-today.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/c++-today.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/c++-today.mobi</br>
### RxJava for Android App Development: A Quick Look for Developers
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/rxjava-for-android-app-development.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/rxjava-for-android-app-development.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/rxjava-for-android-app-development.mobi</br>
### Swift Pocket Reference: Programming for iOS and OS X
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/swift-pocket-reference.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/swift-pocket-reference.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/swift-pocket-reference.mobi</br>
### Open Source in Brazil: Growing Despite Barriers
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-source-in-brazil.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-source-in-brazil.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-source-in-brazil.mobi</br>
### Ten Steps to Linux Survival: Essentials for Navigating the Bash Jungle
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/ten-steps-to-linux-survival.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/ten-steps-to-linux-survival.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/ten-steps-to-linux-survival.mobi</br>
### Open by Design: The Transformation of the Cloud through Open Source and Open Governance
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-by-design.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-by-design.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/open-by-design.mobi</br>
### Getting Started with InnerSource: Keys to collaboration and productivity inside your company
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/getting-started-with-innersource.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/getting-started-with-innersource.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/getting-started-with-innersource.mobi</br>
### Microservices in Production: Standard Principles and Requirements
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-in-production.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-in-production.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-in-production.mobi</br>
### Developing Reactive Microservices: Enterprise Implementation in Java
https://info.lightbend.com/rs/558-NCX-702/images/COLL-ebook-Developing_Reactive_Microservices.pdf</br>
https://info.lightbend.com/rs/558-NCX-702/images/COLL-ebook-Developing_Reactive_Microservices.epub</br>
https://info.lightbend.com/rs/558-NCX-702/images/COLL-ebook-Developing_Reactive_Microservices.mobi</br>
### Microservices AntiPatterns and Pitfalls
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-antipatterns-and-pitfalls.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-antipatterns-and-pitfalls.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-antipatterns-and-pitfalls.mobi</br>
### Microservices vs. Service-Oriented Architecture
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-vs-service-oriented-architecture.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-vs-service-oriented-architecture.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/microservices-vs-service-oriented-architecture.mobi</br>
### Evolving Architectures of FinTech: Structuring a New Generation of Financial Services with Modular Software and Agile Development Strategies
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/evolving-architectures-of-fintech.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/evolving-architectures-of-fintech.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/evolving-architectures-of-fintech.mobi</br>
### Software Architecture Patterns
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/software-architecture-patterns.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/software-architecture-patterns.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/software-architecture-patterns.mobi</br>
### Migrating to Cloud-Native Application Architectures
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-cloud-native-application-architectures.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-cloud-native-application-architectures.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/migrating-cloud-native-application-architectures.mobi</br>
### Reactive Microservices Architecture: Design Principles for Distributed Systems
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/reactive-microservices-architecture-orm.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/reactive-microservices-architecture-orm.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/reactive-microservices-architecture-orm.mobi</br>
### Introducing Java 8 A Quick-Start Guide to Lambdas and Streams
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/introducing-java-8.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/introducing-java-8.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/introducing-java-8.mobi</br>
### Analyzing and Visualizing Data with F#
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/analyzing-visualizing-data-f-sharp.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/analyzing-visualizing-data-f-sharp.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/analyzing-visualizing-data-f-sharp.mobi</br>
### An Engineering Manager's Guide to Design Patterns A Brain-Friendly Report
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/engineering-managers-guide-design-patterns.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/engineering-managers-guide-design-patterns.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/engineering-managers-guide-design-patterns.mobi</br>
### Azure for Developers: What Programmers Need to Know about Microsoft's Cloud Platform
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/azure-for-developers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/azure-for-developers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/programming/free/files/azure-for-developers.mobi</br>
## From theme: Iot
### Ambient Computing: How Invisible Hardware, Self-Starting Apps, and Nonstop Surveillance Reshapes Our Public and Private Lives
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/ambient-computing.mobi</br>
### Governing the IoT: Balancing Risk and Regulation
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/governing-the-iot.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/governing-the-iot.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/governing-the-iot.mobi</br>
### Opportunities and Challenges in the IoT: A Conversation with Cory Doctorow and Tim O'Reilly
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/iot-opportunities-challenges.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/iot-opportunities-challenges.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/iot-opportunities-challenges.mobi</br>
### Creating Functional Teams for the IoT: Hardware, Software, and Manufacturing Collaboration
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/creating-functional-teams-for-iot.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/creating-functional-teams-for-iot.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/creating-functional-teams-for-iot.mobi</br>
### Building a Hardware Business: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly IoT Library
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/building-a-hardware-business.pdf</br>
### When Hardware Meets Software: How the Internet of Things Transforms Design and Manufacturing
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/when-hardware-meets-software.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/when-hardware-meets-software.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/when-hardware-meets-software.mobi</br>
### What Is the Internet of Things?
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/what-is-the-internet-of-things.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/what-is-the-internet-of-things.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/what-is-the-internet-of-things.mobi</br>
### Software Above the Level of a Single Device: The Implications
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/software-above-device.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/software-above-device.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/software-above-device.mobi</br>
### Software & Hardware Collide: The Best of Solid
https://www.oreilly.com/solid/free/files/software-hardware-collide.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/solid/free/files/software-hardware-collide.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/solid/free/files/software-hardware-collide.mobi</br>
### Hardware by the Numbers: Startups: Summer 2015
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/hardware-by-the-numbers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/hardware-by-the-numbers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/hardware-by-the-numbers.mobi</br>
### Innovation: Discovering Processes for Bringing New Products to Market
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/innovation.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/innovation.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/innovation.mobi</br>
### Pitching Your IoT Project: How to Get Executive Buy-In
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/pitching-your-iot-project.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/pitching-your-iot-project.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/pitching-your-iot-project.mobi</br>
### User Experience Design for the Internet of Things: Why It's More Than UI and Industrial Design
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/user-experience-for-iot.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/user-experience-for-iot.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/user-experience-for-iot.mobi</br>
### The Internet as Material: Empowering the Next Phase of Connected Hardware Innovation
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/internet-as-material.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/internet-as-material.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/internet-as-material.mobi</br>
### Designing for the Internet of Things: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-the-internet-of-things.pdf</br>
### Smart Energy: The Future of Power Storage
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-energy.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-energy.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-energy.mobi</br>
### Smart Cities, Smarter Citizens: Connected Technology Transforms Living and Working
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-cities-smarter-citizens.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-cities-smarter-citizens.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/smart-cities-smarter-citizens.mobi</br>
### Evaluating and Choosing an IoT Platform
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evaluating-and-choosing-an-iot-platform.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evaluating-and-choosing-an-iot-platform.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evaluating-and-choosing-an-iot-platform.mobi</br>
### Evolving Infrastructures of the Industrial IoT: The Rise of Smart Machines in the New Internet Economy
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evolving-infrastructures-of-industrial-iot.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evolving-infrastructures-of-industrial-iot.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/evolving-infrastructures-of-industrial-iot.mobi</br>
### Life: Sustainable, Programmable, Bottom-Up Manufacturing
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/bottom-up-manufacturing.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/bottom-up-manufacturing.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/bottom-up-manufacturing.mobi</br>
### 3D Printing Primer: A Survey of Technologies and Principles
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/3d-printing-primer.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/3d-printing-primer.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/3d-printing-primer.mobi</br>
### Predictive Maintenance: A World of Zero Unplanned Downtime
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/predictive-maintenance.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/predictive-maintenance.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/predictive-maintenance.mobi</br>
### Industrial Internet: The Machines are Talking
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/industrial-internet.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/industrial-internet.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/industrial-internet.mobi</br>
## From theme: Design
### Prototyping for Physical and Digital Products
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/prototyping-for-physical-and-digital-products.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/prototyping-for-physical-and-digital-products.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/prototyping-for-physical-and-digital-products.mobi</br>
### Designing for Mixed Reality: Blending Data, AR, and the Physical World
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-mixed-reality.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-mixed-reality.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-mixed-reality.mobi</br>
### Design in Venture Capital: How Design Drives Investment and Company Success
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-in-venture-capital.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-in-venture-capital.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-in-venture-capital.mobi</br>
### Machine Learning for Designers
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/machine-learning-for-designers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/machine-learning-for-designers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/machine-learning-for-designers.mobi</br>
### Designing for Product Strategy: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-product-strategy.pdf</br>
### Design Essentials: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-fundamentals-volume-2.pdf</br>
### Designing for Cities: Technology and the Urban Experience
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-cities.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-cities.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-cities.mobi</br>
### 2016 Design Salary Survey: Tools, Trends, Titles, What Pays (and What Doesn't) for Design Professionals
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/2016-design-salary-survey-report.pdf</br>
### Designing for Respect: UX Ethics for the Digital Age
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-respect.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-respect.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-respect.mobi</br>
### Designing for the Future: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-the-future.pdf</br>
### Design for Voice Interfaces: Building Products that Talk
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-for-voice-interfaces.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-for-voice-interfaces.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-for-voice-interfaces.mobi</br>
### Design and Business: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/design-and-business.pdf</br>
### Experience Design: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/experience-design.pdf</br>
### Designing for Social Impact
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-social-impact.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-social-impact.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/designing-for-social-impact.mobi</br>
### Data-Informed Product Design
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/data-informed-product-design.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/data-informed-product-design.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/data-informed-product-design.mobi</br>
### The New Design Fundamentals: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Design Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/new-design-fundamentals.pdf</br>
### The Future of Product Design: How Emerging Technologies are Disrupting the Product Lifecycle
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/future-of-product-design.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/future-of-product-design.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/future-of-product-design.mobi</br>
### Rapid Techniques for Mapping Experiences
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/rapid-techniques-for-mapping-experiences.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/rapid-techniques-for-mapping-experiences.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/rapid-techniques-for-mapping-experiences.mobi</br>
## From theme: Data
### Big Data Now 2016 Edition
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/big-data-now-2016-edition.mobi</br>
### The Big Data Market: A Data-Driven Analysis of Companies Using Hadoop, Spark, Data Science & Machine Learning
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-big-data-market.pdf</br>
### Integrated Analytics: Platforms and Principles for Centralizing Your Data
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/integrated-analytics.mobi</br>
### Data Infrastructure for Next-Gen Finance: Tools for Cloud Migration, Customer Event Hubs, Governance & Security
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-infrastructure-for-next-gen-finance.mobi</br>
### Advancing Procurement Analytics: Capturing the Long Tail with Simplified Data Preparation
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/advancing-procurement-analytics.mobi</br>
### The Global Impact of Open Data: Key Findings from Detailed Case Studies Around the World
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-global-impact-of-open-data.mobi</br>
### Data Science for Modern Manufacturing: Global Trends: Big Data Analytics for the Industrial Internet of Things
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-for-modern-manufacturing.mobi</br>
### Mapping Big Data: A Data-Driven Market Report
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/mapping-big-data.mobi</br>
### Business Models for the Data Economy
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-data-economy.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-data-economy.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/business-models-for-data-economy.mobi</br>
### 2016 Data Science Salary Survey: Tools, Trends, What Pays (and What Doesn't) for Data Professionals
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/2016-data-science-salary-survey.pdf</br>
### Embedding Analytics in Modern Applications: How to Provide Distraction-Free Insights to End Users
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/embedding-analytics-in-modern-applications.mobi</br>
### Data Science in the Cloud with Microsoft Azure Machine Learning and Python
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-microsoft-azure-ml-python.mobi</br>
### Self-Service Analytics: Making the Most of Data Access
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/self-service-analytics.mobi</br>
### Going Pro in Data Science: What It Takes to Succeed as a Professional Data Scientist
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/going-pro-in-data-science.mobi</br>
### Evaluating Machine Learning Models: A Beginner's Guide to Key Concepts and Pitfalls
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/evaluating-machine-learning-models.mobi</br>
### What is Data Science?: The future belongs to the companies and people that turn data into products
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-data-science.mobi</br>
### Artificial Intelligence Now: Current Perspectives from O'Reilly Media
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/artificial-intelligence-now.mobi</br>
### Practical Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud: Exploring AI-as-a-Service for Business and Research
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/practical-artificial-intelligence-in-the-cloud.mobi</br>
### The New Artificial Intelligence Market: A Data-Driven Analysis of Industries and Companies Adopting AI
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-new-artificial-intelligence-market.pdf</br>
### AI and Medicine: Data-Driven Strategies for Improving Healthcare and Saving Lives
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/ai-and-medicine.mobi</br>
### What is Artificial Intelligence?
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-is-artificial-intelligence.mobi</br>
### The Future of Machine Intelligence: Perspectives from Leading Practitioners
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/future-of-machine-intelligence.mobi</br>
### What Are Conversational Bots?: An Introduction to and Overview of AI-Driven Chatbots
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/what-are-conversational-bots.mobi</br>
### Architecting for Access: Simplifying Analytics on Big Data Infrastructure
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-for-access.mobi</br>
### Hadoop and Spark Performance for the Enterprise: Ensuring Quality of Service in Multi-Tenant Environments
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-and-spark-performance-for-the-enterprise.mobi</br>
### In Search of Database Nirvana: The Challenges of Delivering Hybrid Transaction-Analytical Processing
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/in-search-of-database-nirvana.mobi</br>
### Making Sense of Stream Processing: The Philosophy Behind Apache Kafka and Scalable Stream Data Platforms
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stream-processing.mobi</br>
### Architecting Data Lakes: Data Management Architectures for Advanced Business Use Cases
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/architecting-data-lakes.mobi</br>
### Hadoop: What You Need to Know: Hadoop Basics for the Enterprise Decision Maker
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/hadoop-what-you-need-to-know.mobi</br>
### Fast Data: Smart and at Scale: Design Patterns and Recipes
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/fast-data-smart-and-at-scale.mobi</br>
### Migrating Big Data Analytics into the Cloud
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/migrating-big-data-analytics.mobi</br>
### Data, Money, and Regulation: The Innovation Dilemma
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-money-regulation.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-money-regulation.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-money-regulation.mobi</br>
### Data Analytics in Sports: How Playing with Data Transforms the Game
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/Data_Analytics_in_Sports.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/Data_Analytics_in_Sports.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/Data_Analytics_in_Sports.mobi</br>
### Data, Technology, and the Future of Play: Understanding the Smart Toy Landscape
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-technology-and-the-future-of-play.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-technology-and-the-future-of-play.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-technology-and-the-future-of-play.mobi</br>
### Data and Democracy: How Political Data Science Is Shaping the 2016 Elections
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-and-democracy.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-and-democracy.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-and-democracy.mobi</br>
### Analyzing Data in the Internet of Things: A Collection of Talks from Strata + Hadoop World 2015
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/analyzing-data-in-the-internet-of-things.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/analyzing-data-in-the-internet-of-things.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/analyzing-data-in-the-internet-of-things.mobi</br>
### The Business of Genomic Data
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-business-of-genomic-data.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-business-of-genomic-data.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/the-business-of-genomic-data.mobi</br>
### Getting Analytics Right Answering business questions with more data in less time
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/getting-analytics-right.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/getting-analytics-right.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/getting-analytics-right.mobi</br>
### Data Science, Banking, and Fintech: Fitting It All Together
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-banking-and-fintech.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-banking-and-fintech.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-science-banking-and-fintech.mobi</br>
### Building Data Science Teams: The Skills, Tools, and Perspectives Behind Great Data Science Groups
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/building-data-science-teams.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/building-data-science-teams.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/building-data-science-teams.mobi</br>
### 2013 Data Science Salary Survey: Tools, Trends, What Pays (and What Doesn’t) for Data Professionals
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stratasurvey.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stratasurvey.mobi</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/stratasurvey.epub</br>
### Analyzing the Analyzers: An Introspective Survey of Data Scientists and Their Work 2nd Edition
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/analyzing-the-analyzers.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/analyzing-the-analyzers.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/analyzing-the-analyzers.mobi</br>
### Data Jujitsu: The Art of Turning Data Into Product
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-jujitsu.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-jujitsu.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-jujitsu.mobi</br>
### Data Driven: Creating a Data Culture
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-driven.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-driven.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/data-driven.mobi</br>
## From theme: Webops
### Serverless Ops: A Beginner's Guide to AWS Lambda and Beyond
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/serverless-ops.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/serverless-ops.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/serverless-ops.mobi</br>
### Cloud-Native Evolution: How Companies Go Digital
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cloud-native-evolution.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cloud-native-evolution.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cloud-native-evolution.mobi</br>
### Unikernels: Beyond Containers to the Next Generation of Cloud
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unikernels.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unikernels.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unikernels.mobi</br>
### Mobile App Analytics
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/mobile-app-analytics.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/mobile-app-analytics.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/mobile-app-analytics.mobi</br>
### Monitoring Distributed Systems: Case Studies from Google's SRE Teams
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/monitoring-distributed-systems.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/monitoring-distributed-systems.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/monitoring-distributed-systems.mobi</br>
### Release Engineering: How Google Builds and Delivers Software
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/release-engineering.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/release-engineering.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/release-engineering.mobi</br>
### Beyond the Twelve-Factor App: Exploring the DNA of Highly Scalable, Resilient Cloud Applications
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/beyond-the-twelve-factor-app.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/beyond-the-twelve-factor-app.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/beyond-the-twelve-factor-app.mobi</br>
### Docker in the Cloud: Recipes for AWS, Azure, Google, and More
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-in-the-cloud.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-in-the-cloud.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-in-the-cloud.mobi</br>
### Network Automation with Ansible
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/network-automation-with-ansible.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/network-automation-with-ansible.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/network-automation-with-ansible.mobi</br>
### Are Your Networks Ready for the IoT?
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/are-your-networks-ready-for-the-iot.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/are-your-networks-ready-for-the-iot.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/are-your-networks-ready-for-the-iot.mobi</br>
### Docker Networking and Service Discovery
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-networking-and-service-delivery.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-networking-and-service-delivery.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-networking-and-service-delivery.mobi</br>
### Immutable Infrastructure: Considerations for the Cloud and Distributed Systems
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/immutable-infrastructure.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/immutable-infrastructure.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/immutable-infrastructure.mobi</br>
### Continuous Delivery with Windows and .NET
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/continuous-delivery-with-windows-and-net.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/continuous-delivery-with-windows-and-net.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/continuous-delivery-with-windows-and-net.mobi</br>
### Kubernetes: Scheduling the Future at Cloud Scale
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/kubernetes.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/kubernetes.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/kubernetes.mobi</br>
### Kubernetes: Scheduling the Future at Cloud Scale with Compliments of OpenShift
https://assets.openshift.com/hubfs/pdfs/Kubernetes_OpenShift.pdf</br>
### Modern Web Operations: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Operations Library
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/modern-web-operations.pdf</br>
### Field Guide to the Distributed Development Stack
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/distributed-development-stack.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/distributed-development-stack.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/distributed-development-stack.mobi</br>
### 5 Unsung Tools of DevOps
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unsung-tools-of-devops.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unsung-tools-of-devops.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/unsung-tools-of-devops.mobi</br>
### Lightweight Systems for Realtime Monitoring
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/lightweight-systems.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/lightweight-systems.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/lightweight-systems.mobi</br>
### Anomaly Detection for Monitoring: A Statistical Approach to Time Series Anomaly Detection
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/anomaly-detection-monitoring.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/anomaly-detection-monitoring.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/anomaly-detection-monitoring.mobi</br>
### Enterprise DevOps Playbook: A Guide to Delivering at Velocity
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/enterprise-devops-playbook.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/enterprise-devops-playbook.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/enterprise-devops-playbook.mobi</br>
### ChatOps: Managing Operations in Group Chat
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/chatops.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/chatops.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/chatops.mobi</br>
### DevOpsSec: Securing Software through Continuous Delivery
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devopssec.mobi</br>
### DevOps for Finance: Reducing Risk Through Continuous Delivery
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-for-finance.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-for-finance.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-for-finance.mobi</br>
### Building an Optimized Business: What Business Leaders Need to Know about Operating at Speed and Scale
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/building-an-optimized-business.pdf</br>
### Everything Is Distributed: Essays On Performance and Operations
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/everything-is-distributed.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/everything-is-distributed.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/everything-is-distributed.mobi</br>
### DevOps in Practice
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-in-practice.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-in-practice.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-in-practice.mobi</br>
### The Human Side of Postmortems: Managing Stress and Cognitive Biases
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/the-human-side-of-postmortems.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/the-human-side-of-postmortems.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/the-human-side-of-postmortems.mobi</br>
### Learning from First Responders: When Your Systems Have to Work
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/learning-from-first-responders.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/learning-from-first-responders.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/learning-from-first-responders.mobi</br>
### DevOps Hiring
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-hiring.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-hiring.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/devops-hiring.mobi</br>
### Antifragile Systems and Teams
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/antifragile-systems-and-teams.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/antifragile-systems-and-teams.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/antifragile-systems-and-teams.mobi</br>
## From theme: Web-platform
### 2016-2017 Web Salary Survey: Tools, Trends, Titles, What Pays (and What Doesn't) for Web Professionals
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/2016-2017-web-salary-survey-report.pdf</br>
### Building Web Apps for Everyone
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-for-everyone.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-for-everyone.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-for-everyone.mobi</br>
### Building Web Apps that Respect a User’s Privacy and Security
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-respect-user-privacy-and-security.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-respect-user-privacy-and-security.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-respect-user-privacy-and-security.mobi</br>
### CSS Secrets: Better Solutions to Everyday Web Design Problems Sample
https://cdn.oreillystatic.com/oreilly/pdfs/CSS_Secrets_sample-3.pdf</br>
### Python Web Frameworks
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/python-web-frameworks.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/python-web-frameworks.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/python-web-frameworks.mobi</br>
### Modern SVG: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O’Reilly SVG Library
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-svg.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-svg.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-svg.mobi</br>
### The Little Book of HTML-CSS Coding Guidelines
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/little-book-html-css-coding-guidelines.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/little-book-html-css-coding-guidelines.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/little-book-html-css-coding-guidelines.mobi</br>
### Upgrading to PHP 7
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/upgrading-to-php-seven.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/upgrading-to-php-seven.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/upgrading-to-php-seven.mobi</br>
### Static Site Generators: Modern Tools for Static Website Development
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/static-site-generators.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/static-site-generators.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/static-site-generators.mobi</br>
### Transforms in CSS: Revamp the Way You Design
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/Transforms_in_CSS.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/Transforms_in_CSS.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/Transforms_in_CSS.mobi</br>
### Getting Started with the Web
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/getting-started-with-the-web.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/getting-started-with-the-web.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/getting-started-with-the-web.mobi</br>
### Modern JavaScript
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/modern-javascript.pdf</br>
### Designing Great Web APIs: Creating Business Value Through Developer Experience
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/designing-great-web-apis.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/designing-great-web-apis.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/designing-great-web-apis.mobi</br>
### The Little Book of HTML-CSS Frameworks
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/book-of-html-css-frameworks.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/book-of-html-css-frameworks.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/book-of-html-css-frameworks.mobi</br>
### JS.Next: A Manager's Guide 2nd Edition
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/js-next-a-managers-guide.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/js-next-a-managers-guide.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/js-next-a-managers-guide.mobi</br>
### Building Web Apps that Work Everywhere
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-work-everywhere.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-work-everywhere.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/web-platform/free/files/building-web-apps-that-work-everywhere.mobi</br>
### Real User Measurements: Why the Last Mile Is the Relevant Mile
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/real-user-measurements.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/real-user-measurements.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/real-user-measurements.mobi</br>
### Effective Performance Engineering
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/effective-performance-engineering.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/effective-performance-engineering.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/effective-performance-engineering.mobi</br>
### Optimizing Cloud Migration: Performance Lessons for the Enterprise
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/optimizing-cloud-migration.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/optimizing-cloud-migration.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/optimizing-cloud-migration.mobi</br>
### Web Performance Warrior: The Business of Speed
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/web-performance-warrior.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/web-performance-warrior.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/web-performance-warrior.mobi</br>
### Web Page Size, Speed, and Performance
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/webpage-size-speed-perf.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/webpage-size-speed-perf.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/webpage-size-speed-perf.mobi</br>
### HTTP-2: A New Excerpt from High Performance Browser Networking
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/HTTP2-high-perf-browser-networking.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/HTTP2-high-perf-browser-networking.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/HTTP2-high-perf-browser-networking.mobi</br>
### Compliance at Speed: Achieving Performance in Enterprise Applications
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/compliance-at-speed.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/compliance-at-speed.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/compliance-at-speed.mobi</br>
### The Problem with Native JavaScript APIs External JavaScript Libraries Still Matter
https://get.oreilly.com/rs/107-FMS-070/images/The-Problem-with-Native-JavaScript-APIs.pdf</br>
## From theme: Security
### Security and Frontend Performance: Breaking the Conundrum
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/security-and-frontend-performance.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/security-and-frontend-performance.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/security-and-frontend-performance.mobi</br>
### Privacy and the Internet of Things
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/privacy-and-the-iot.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/privacy-and-the-iot.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/privacy-and-the-iot.mobi</br>
### Cracking Security Misconceptions: Untangling Common Myths About Modern Information Security
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cracking-security-misconceptions.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cracking-security-misconceptions.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/cracking-security-misconceptions.mobi</br>
### Patrolling the Dark Net: What You Don't Know Will Hurt You
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/patrolling-the-dark-net.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/patrolling-the-dark-net.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/patrolling-the-dark-net.mobi</br>
### Not All Data Is Created Equal: Balancing Risk and Reward in a Data-Driven Economy
https://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/not-all-data-is-created-equal.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/not-all-data-is-created-equal.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/not-all-data-is-created-equal.mobi</br>
### Who Are the Bad Guys and What Do They Want?
https://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/who-are-the-bad-guys-and-what-do-they-want.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/who-are-the-bad-guys-and-what-do-they-want.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/security/free/files/who-are-the-bad-guys-and-what-do-they-want.mobi</br>
### Docker Security: Using Containers Safely in Production
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/webops-perf/free/files/docker-security.mobi</br>
### The Security Data Lake: Leveraging Big Data Technologies to Build a Common Repository for Security
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/security-data-lake.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/security-data-lake.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/data/free/files/security-data-lake.mobi</br>
## From theme: Business
### The Secrets Behind Great One-on-One Meetings
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-secrets-behind-great-one-on-one-meetings.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-secrets-behind-great-one-on-one-meetings.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-secrets-behind-great-one-on-one-meetings.mobi</br>
### Designing Culture: Behavioral Strategy for the Workplace
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/designing-culture.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/designing-culture.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/designing-culture.mobi</br>
### The New Manager Mindset: Become a Trusted, Respected & Reputable Leader
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-new-manager-mindset.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-new-manager-mindset.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/the-new-manager-mindset.mobi</br>
### Introduction to OKRs
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/introduction-to-okrs.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/introduction-to-okrs.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/introduction-to-okrs.mobi</br>
### Serving Workers in the Gig Economy: Emerging Resources for the On-Demand Workforce
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/serving-workers-gig-economy.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/serving-workers-gig-economy.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/iot/free/files/serving-workers-gig-economy.mobi</br>
### Build to Lead: How Lego Bricks Can Make You a Better Leader
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/build-to-lead.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/build-to-lead.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/build-to-lead.mobi</br>
### Your Critical First 10 Days as a Leader
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/critical-first-10-days-as-leader.pdf</br>
### Three Critical Shifts in Thinking for the Evolving Leader
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/three-critical-shifts-in-thinking-for-the-evolving-leader.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/three-critical-shifts-in-thinking-for-the-evolving-leader.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/three-critical-shifts-in-thinking-for-the-evolving-leader.mobi</br>
### Startup Essentials: A Curated Collection of Chapters from the O'Reilly Business Library
https://www.oreilly.com/design/free/files/startup-essentials.pdf</br>
### What’s the Future of Work?: Exploring the Economic Shift Led by Software and Connectedness
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/whats-the-future-of-work.pdf</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/whats-the-future-of-work.epub</br>
https://www.oreilly.com/business/free/files/whats-the-future-of-work.mobi</br>
### Prototype to Product: A Practical Guide to Getting to Market
https://cdn.oreillystatic.com/pdf/Prototype_to_Product.pdf</br>
